# Project Name: Space Adventures

* Description: The project is an interactive comic website that tells the story of three astronauts who were killed by a shape-shifting dog sent by an evil mastermind. The overall concept and theme of the project is a sci-fi mystery with elements of suspense. The use of a shape-shifting dog as the antagonist adds an extra layer of intrigue and unpredictability to the story. The project's interactivity, which includes sounds, dialogue, and animation, further enhances the immersive experience. We were striving to create an engaging and captivating experience for the user. The use of plot twists and unexpected events is intended to keep the user interested and invested in the story. 

* Process: We first created a storyboard that outlines the story's key plot points, characters, and themes. We then also focused on the script and dialogue. We then created and sourced artwork and design assets for the website, including character designs, backgrounds, and visual effects. We both used an AI generator  along with Photoshop and Illustrator to create these assets. To add interactivity to the comic, we used programming languages such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to implement various features such as sound effects, and animations. The roles of the team members are as follows: Mira created the storyboard and the dialogue between the characters and brainstormed some of the storytelling aspects of the story along with Majid. Majid also worked on the story and generated the AI images and the voices of the characters. Tarek edited  the AI images using Photoshop and created the illustrations  for the text bubbles. Mbebo worked on the interactivity of the website and animation. 

* Reflection/Evaluation: Throughout the creation of this interactive comic website, we found that we had to edit and change the storyline a couple of times to fit aspects of comic storytelling. We also faced hardships when trying to find appropriate images that fit our story but thanks to photoshop we were able to make it work.


